W-15617017 Adding 6.6.0 RNs (#376)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-builder-6.6.0-release-notes.adoc

== April 29, 2024

//new action steps 
* The new Submit Document to MuleSoft IDP action step enables you to send documents to IDP and process them with your published document actions. 
* The new Retrieve Results from MuleSoft IDP action step enables you to retrieve the results of a document processed by IDP after using the Submit Document to MuleSoft IDP action step.

> * The new Extract Pages From a PDF File action step enables you to extract, split, and merge PDF files. 

Reviewer: If these features are taken from the JTBD point of view, the sentences may read:
You can now extract, split, and merge PDF files with the new Extract Pages From a PDF File action step.

> * The new ErrorOut global variable enables you to capture error messages from action steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new `ErrorOut` global variable enables you to capture error messages from action steps. 
```

* The new Extract Pages From a PDF File action step enables you to extract, split, and merge PDF files. 
* The new ErrorOut global variable enables you to capture error messages from action steps. 
+
You can select between overriding or appending error messages in the new *Error Handling* tab in the workflow initialization settings. 
//enhancements to action steps
* The Read PDF File action step can now read forms and annotations. 
* The Set Variable action step wizard now supports Pin variables.
* You can now specify a custom error message in the Force Error State action step.
//RPA builder updates 
* RPA Recorder is now integrated with RPA Builder, enabling you to start a recording from different sections: 
** From Web Session action steps by using the *Start Recording* button in the wizard.
** From the App Session action step by using the *Start Recording* button in the wizard.
** From the Workbench by using the *Record* button. 
** From the Workflow by using the *Record Into*, *Record Before*, and *Record After* context menu items. 

> * RPA Builder now includes new variable types: *Execution ID* and *Connected App Credentials*.

Reviewer 2: Please add the info that the new variable types are activity parameters

[%header,cols="5a,1a"]
|===
| Issue Resolution | ID
| The BPMN Panel no longer shows empty when editing a Workflow in the Activity Library. | W-15606460
| The JSONPath Expression Builder no longer shows empty values when editing and adding new filters. | W-15294418
| Web Automation action steps no longer require manually scrolling to find and click buttons in forms. | W-15261043

> | RPA Builder no longer shows an incorrect error message when the login session has expired. | W-15259497

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RPA Builder no longer shows an incorrect error message when the login session expires. | W-15259497
```

[%header,cols="5a,1a"]
|===
| Issue Resolution | ID
| The BPMN Panel no longer shows empty completely empty when editing a Workflow in the Activity Library. | W-15606460
| The JSONPath Expression Builder no longer shows empty values when editing and adding new filters. | W-15294418
| Web Automation action steps no longer require manually scrolling to find and click buttons in forms. | W-15261043
| RPA Builder no longer shows an incorrect error message when the login session is expired. | W-15259497
| Downloading a process with missing Process Owner or Project Manager no longer causes an error.| W-14899347

> | RPA Builder no longer freezes if you attempt to close it when it is downloading a new version. | W-14826904

Reviewer 2: This can be removed because update, downloading is a complete new feature.
